## Leanpub rendering

We also include the necessary files to allow you to get your course ready for publication on [Leanpub](https://leanpub.com/). These are located in the `manuscript` directory. When you are happy with your book using bookdown, then you just need to follow a few steps to copy the necessary files from your `docs` directory into the `manuscript` directory. The `docs` directory is auto-generated by the `bookdown` package.  You need to copy time `images` directory as well as the `.md` files.

If you are comfortable using commands like the following, you can do this in a more automated way in the RStudio terminal:

```bash
cp docs/*.md manuscript  
cp -r docs/images/ manuscript/resources/images  
```

Finally you need to modify the `Book.txt` file in the `manuscript` directory to include the `.md` files that you wish in the order that you would like. We have also included a quiz example. If you wanted two quizzes (one called `quiz_1.md` and one called `quiz_2.md`) you could duplicate and modify `quiz_1.md` for your needs and then you could make the `Book.txt` file look like this (assuming you created a chapter called `"03-chapter_of_course.Rmd"` and you wanted quiz_1 to be after `02-chapter-of_course` and quiz_2 to be after `03_chapter_of_course`:  

```
01-intro.md  
02-chapter_of_course.md  
quiz_1.md  
03-chapter_of_course.md  
quiz_2.md  
about.md  
```

Note that any `.md` files with an `#` in front of the name in the `Book.txt` file will be ignored by Leanpub. We have included an example of this in the `Book.txt` file.  

### Hosting your course on Leanpub  

To then host your course on Leanpub follow these steps:  

1) Make a Leanpub account here: https://leanpub.com/    

2) Start a course  
 - click on the 3 line menu button  
 - click the author tab on the far left
 - click Courses
 - click the text that says `create a new course`
 - fill out all the necessary information
 - select using Git and GitHub (if you work with us at JHU there is a different protocol)
 - press the `add to plan` button

 3) Preview a new version
 - click on the 3 line menu button
 - click the author tab on the far left
 - click Courses
 - click on your course name/icon
 - click "Preview New Version"
 - click `Create Preview` button

 4) Once you are ready and you like your course, you can click the "Publish New Version" instead of "Preview New Version"
